engineers use your precious gadgets near
water right here disaster ATT
never sit on the phone after it's been
dropped in water and don't charge it
this may cause a short circuit in your
phone dry out your phone immediately
remove all parts before you try to dry
it use a vacuum cleaner and not a hair
dryer contrary to common advice try not
to use a hair dryer to try out the phone
this may cost moisture further into the
small components
trust me on this leave it in the sack of
rice for the next few days the rice will
help to soak up the rest of the moisture
remember trying to revive your phone
will take patience so don't give up that
fast
this method may not work all the time
but it increases the chances of your
phone surviving awarded us